# Pytorch_side_project
After building an RNN that can predict sentiment of movie reviews I was excited to learn more about sentiment analysis and I started discussing sentiment analysis with my friends from my study group #sg-Kolkata that how can we develop an application that will use sentiment analysis to help everyone. Then I came to know about  EmojiSentiment which is an interesting use of Sentiment Analysis and I started discussing it with my friends and started learning together. Emoji prediction is a fun variant of sentiment analysis. When someone texting others sometimes it is difficult to select a particular emoji from 2,823 no of emojis for that particular text. Our idea is that if we detect the sentiment of that particular text then we can build a classifier that learns to associate emojis with sentences and suggests using some particular emojis that the user can use for that particular text. In this project, we build what's called a classifier that learns to associate emojis with sentences. Although there are many technical details, the principle behind the classifier is very simple: we start with a large number of sentences that contain emojis collected from Twitter messages. Then we look at features from those sentences (words, word pairs, etc.) and train our classifier to associate certain features with their (known) smileys. For example, if the classifier sees the word "happy" in many sentences that also has the smiley 😂, it will learn to classify such messages as 😂. On the other hand, the word "happy" could be preceded by "not" in which case we shouldn't rely on just single words to be associated with certain smileys. For this reason, we also look at word sequences, and in this case, would learn that "not happy" is more strongly associated with sadness, outweighing the "happy" part. The classifier learns to look at the totality of many word sequences found in a sentence and figures out what class of smiley would best characterize that sentence. Although the principle is simple, if we have millions of words of text with known smileys associated with the sentences, we can actually learn to do pretty well on this task.We will complete our project soon and update all our codes and README file soon and we will update how to use command line parameters which could be changed and how to change them for this project
